Well then
In this later he yeah
Yeah yeah yeah this time will be 8 charfes booty part 3
Because there was little I part that has not been just introduced and it
It is a purchased product of three more cats and only one more
Well so little has not been introduced in the video a little that it and the character
A little more with the card of prism stone and eye cut since it was up with animation before
Card also would like to introduce to your Ide
8Purchased products will be introduced first
Well then
That's right-
Here's the best
It is easy to mortar it is yes yes here
Here's an 8 shop of tea festival
Yes
I bought it at the Prism Stone shop.
Hey I did not know, but if you buy something like this first- minute photo session with net Prisme
Good
Like in the feeling got I mean I Yes that sort of get the
red with meat sound huge I got a photo taken together
Become a good memory but it was good
It was really cool that the stage was really cool dance
Primiz and Prism Mates did it together like live
Yes, I was very excited
Yeah it looks like
Well here it seems to be January January It was the first limited edition
It was about the star and yes it is a little more of it
It became a trunk, yes
In addition , I think that I would like to do something other than that time if I introduce something in drugs or something this time
The net is
Next is such a product is over and it is not a surge
It seems that things have increased
Deisa from introduction is I fence Moore prism Stone of rhythm stone with waiter
I 'm introducing it, yes
I would like to make it a person not introduced
It seems that there is also here 8 7th's lovely shoes that I did not hit but come out
Yes I think it's a little pin and it's wine, but let's get started
I feel like yes
It came out 7th corded dubly shoes brilliant style
Here it is yes
7 The whole lined up
On the way back Fes Chao Atamatama It is yesterday
It's been a while since I got off at the station
The same station was asked by the same mother
If you are the abolition me I'll be in the always well go super I speaking Kurabun heart
Together I Well Well have to talk I mean Suka' at the end to say service
Hmm
I went to the game center and played
I think you put out several cultivation where Ne um in the first
Yes true I was happy
Here 8
Festival mention is not happy
And liked it here struck this what ah
Yes day
Only Hey after bones from was not out surprise Nde
Sone momnus
My daughter exchanged this for me, and the first flower trip
All the surprises of zero ii are nice now
rainbow heart full Winne 7 mother's sumo wrestling place
Yes it became 1 villa care Yes
It is assistance heart full make-ass been really Yes ended quite difficult me one without
Wipe 1102
Also and as those of you think Hire Aikatsu and Do If Dasere on their own luck I somehow
Want a little no case carded
I would like to introduce you
At first I think that it is good here
out My sister thought I was a kid
Hyde is here
Rose Garden Lace Tops Here I am glad I did not have this here
Yes, we were matching your prima facie Puno Fortunately I Nde was a race bullets
After I think I was not here also have here Yes Police pants Yes here a little
Hey there is a little because that there is a pleo
I went to bed a little while I was editing, and I got out of it early and I got a bit out of it
I wish I was also that it is here also finished with it a little year
Also I month is here and that I think you went and want to return to the trade
Yes Poly Skatche Sha Hai Poly Number Ribbon Number It's also here .
Hey that person
After all I went out again after the top of the ah
There are only 40,000 stores. There are only 4 pieces, but I 'm not in here, but I 'm going to swim again
I want to do it Yes
So with a 8 purchaser
It is increasing the stove after etc. is a card Nee
Oh hey hey and a little this time I introduced to part 3 and it became quite long
But a
It looks like that- with video and mother's comment
Please take me or something , or something like that card will be a pass in the dark meaning
Than can not be a little answer and not a little that message be heard in the little
If you wish to have an island trek
Too much even know whether Toka Well still be a little Nde little not aligned so much
All Well I'm not a person who can that the comment Nan without message
It will be a tray of only the Chairman Oni message, so thank you for your understanding
is
Home probably use root me in about this that Well looking at I became teacher another long
I would like to end it
This time 8 well
It is such a product with the festival Chisato day introduction of
Hospitalization and Aa tote-mer to Gator i path and Puriddon
It's a card
Ima-
Wow soldier in Kokon'na feeling
Thank you for watching until the end
What do the video, please see, if I's good
No ne
In a hurry
See you again